Add support for `Satisfy` on `ReferenceTypeAssertions` (#2597)
fluentassertions/fluentassertions: docs/_pages/releases.md

* Ensure compatibility with .NET 8 - [#2466](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2466)
* Add support for NUnit 4 - [#2483](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2483)
* Added `NotBeIn` to check if a `DateTime` is not in a given `DateTimeKind` - [#2536](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2536)

> * Introduced a new `Satisfy` method to `ReferenceTypeAssertions` to allow for custom assertions - [#2597](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2597)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduced a new `Satisfy` method available to all reference types to allow for nested assertions - [#2597](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2597)
```
